♪ Whoo, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Here we go... ♪
Good morning, beautiful people.
Oh, someone's in a good mood.
Or hit the wet bar
a little too early.
You ever have one
of those mornings
where you wake up,
the sun is shining
and you just say
to yourself,
"Wow, life's good"?
It's great, even.
I've lost my appetite.
Whoa. What's not great
are those dark circles
under your eyes.
No offense, Sam,
but you look terrible.
I'm scheduling facials
for us later.
Don't bother. I'm busy.
What's going on with him?
He usually loves a good
milk and honey detox.
Uh, maybe,
but he probably doesn't love
being told he looks terrible.
Especially when
he's been in the hospital
with his dying father
the last few nights.
Daniel's dying?
Why didn't you guys
say anything?
Well, we thought you knew.
No, I didn't know.
And now I feel awful.
Does he need anything?
Probably just the
support of his friends.
Yeah, yeah, I know that,
I'm just trying to think
of something
a little more tangible
and less time-consuming.
Okay, well, I'll think
of something. Oh, my God...
Well, speaking of feeling awful,
how's living with Alexis?
It's actually been
going quite well.
I feel like we've finally
settled into a nice dynamic
based on honesty and respect.
Honesty and respect?
You know I said Alexis, right?
Because you should
proceed with caution.
She's not exactly known
for putting her children first.
That's funny, 'cause she, uh,
she said a similar thing
about you.
Wait, is it true
that you left Adam
in a Moldavian prison?
'Cause I get it,
he's no prize,
but seems
a little bit harsh, no?
Yeah, I would say so.
Which is why it never happened.
This is just
another example
of why you should take
everything Alexis says
with a bucket of salt.
(phone chimes)
Oh, let me guess.
That's probably her wondering
what you're doing here.
No, it's actually Kirby.
Oh, I didn't know
you two were friends.
Yeah, we've been, um...
getting closer these days,
and-- uh, she's just been
really supportive
and she's so funny and pretty...
...smart.
Pretty smart.
So, yeah, we're friends.
Well, that makes me happy.
You know, her father
was the best friend I ever had.
As a matter of fact,
if he was here right now,
he could tell you
some stories about Alexis
that you just would not believe.
Jeff Colby.
What an unwelcome
surprise.
Okay, I don't have time
for unpleasantries.
Plenexia's open house is
just a few hours away,
and I still don't have the
invite you promised me.
You mean... (gasps)
...this invite?
Not so fast.
Do you know how terrible
of an idea it is
to steal a drug formula?
You will get caught
and you'll get put in jail.
Actually, wait,
now I'm thinking about it.
That might not be
the worst thing.
Nobody will be able to trace
this back to me, okay?
Once I have
the formula,
I'll post it open-source,
so other companies
can make the drug
for what it should cost.
A leak at this level
will cause immediate damage.
Plenexia will lose business
and investors will lose faith.
And you've lost my attention.
Just make sure I get
my Bokocho extract
when you're done.
You mean when we're done.
No, I'm-I'm not getting roped
into some James Bond sideshow.
You're an invited guest
who won't raise any red flags.
I need your help
to make this happen,
and if I don't
succeed?
I'll eat those plants
before I give them back to you.
So, your call.
NINA:
We have a fashion emergency.
MICHAEL:
Well, I wouldn't call it
an emergency, but yeah,
you could try wearing a dress
every once in a while.
Sexism. Charming.
We do have
a dress problem, though.
Our off-the-runway dress
from Milan
is held up in customs.
So? We'll just get one locally.
Right. But this dress
needs to be brand-new,
from an up-and-coming designer
and here by this afternoon.
Oh, and cheap, since
there's no money left
for it in our wardrobe budget
thanks to your girlfriend
being in the movie.
Okay, what about
the magazine deal we made,
for first-look pictures
of Janelle as Farrah?
That's what we need
the dress for.
The money from that deal
is our entire marketing budget.
We don't see a cent until
after they get the pictures.
But I have a solution.
So there's not
a fashion emergency? Got it.
Well, there won't be, once you
call your old costar Dominique.
Please tell me you did not see
the House of Deveraux
reality show.
Well, I don't know whose house
you two were having sex in,
but I only saw, like,
two seconds of it
and then turned it off.
I would contact her myself,
but I'm not as intimate with her
as you are.
You know, since only one of us
made a sex tape with her.
Okay, that's enough.
That's not happening.
But...
But I have an in
with the designers
who used to dress the
acts at Club Colby.
What kind of dress do we need?
Something a touch conservative,
but the stitching
needs to be impeccable.
A reference would be
Spring 2018.
You have no idea what
I'm talking about, do you?
Not a clue. Text me the info
and I will reach out.
Today.
Yes.
Thank you.
And on the playground,
I used to pretend
like I was this really important
business owner,
and I would hold my lunch box
like a briefcase
and boss all
of the other kids around.
I'm sorry I missed that,
but at least I got to see you
do the real thing.
And you're still pretty bossy.
(both laugh)
(coughing)
(sighs)
It's not as bad
as it sounds.
I think I'm even starting
to feel better.
How about another story, huh?
Well, there was the first time
I got into competitive karaoke.
Hmm.
Though that got ugly
after we got to the, uh,
REO Speedwagon section.
SIMMS:
Mr. Jones?
Can I speak with you
for a moment?
SAM:
Anything new?
SIMMS:
Unfortunately, no.
There's really nothing
we can do for your father now
but keep him comfortable.
N-No, he... he just told me
he's feeling better.
Maybe he's
turning a corner?
He's probably trying
to be brave for you.
But that's not changing
the way this ends.
His cancer has spread all over.
How long does he have?
A few weeks
at the most,
but more likely, a few days.
I wish I had better news.
Drinking Scotch this early
only means one thing.
Alexis, right?
She's still trying to
poison me in Amanda's eyes.
I had to lie to her
this morning.
Why can't Alexis
just shut her trap
and stop doling out
terrible secrets
like Halloween candy?
Well, maybe if you did fewer
terrible things
there would be fewer secrets?
Cristal, y-you beautiful genius.
I'll look bad if
I bad-mouth Alexis,
so I'll go the other way,
like Michelle Obama.
One of the only
times a Democrat
had a good idea.
Alexis goes low, I'll go high.
I don't think you should
compare yourself to Michelle.
Of course not. Michelle's not
even in my league, but this,
this is perfect.
I'll elevate myself
instead of denigrating
that venomous snake.
Toning down the insults
might be a good starting point.
Duly noted, I'm just
getting it out before I start.
Do you think
that I should set up
some more father-daughter
mani-pedis?
Amanda's a little too smart
to be swayed by a spa day.
She needs to feel useful,
not like a Barbie doll.
FALLON:
I just came to apologize,
and to make sure you're okay.
I would've never been
so insensitive over breakfast
had I known.
Why didn't you tell me?
I'm sorry I didn't
stop my bedside vigil
to update you
on my dying father,
but maybe we can
discuss it over facials.
Yeah, I'm sorry
about that part, too.
Fallon, my father is dying,
and my mother
won't return my calls,
so my big plan to reunite them
before Daniel passes away
isn't happening.
I'm gonna spend
this time with him,
and not trying
to make you feel less guilty.
This is not about you.
I know exactly what
I'm gonna do for Sam.
I am gonna find Iris
and bring her back here
before Daniel dies.
Didn't Sam just tell you
not to make this about you?
Oh, he'll thank me
when it's over.
Trust me, I know what I'm doing.
Now let's go find
the woman who kidnapped me
and who knows,
maybe we'll kidnap her back.
♪ ♪
(groans)
Okay, don't get mad,
I'm just not entirely clear
on why we're flying to Idaho.
I knew you weren't listening.
The last time
Iris was in Atlanta,
she kidnapped me
on Alejandro's orders.
But after he died,
she was still worried
that people were
gonna come after her.
So Cristal gave her some money
from my ransom
to start a new life.
How does that help us?
Well,
Iris didn't know that she had a
bag of marked bills, but I did.
So I had my PI
trace that money
to a very large donation made
to a church in Covington, Idaho.
And apparently,
he got a tip that somebody
saw her leaving a motel nearby.
And that's kind of
where the trail ran cold.
So Iris is in Covington. Got it.
Well, you know,
she may be in Covington.
But at the very least, that
should lead us to our next clue.
We all have to do is talk
to the priest in charge
and find out what he knows.
Okay, so recap,
we're going to a church
to look for a woman
who doesn't want to be found
to help someone who doesn't want
you meddling in his life.
I don't recall
asking for a recap.
And you're gonna need
a big attitude adjustment
if we're going to have
any fun on this trip.
Mmm.
What's the big emergency?
You made it sound like time
was of the essence.
Mainly because you kept saying
"time is of the essence."
It is. I'm meeting some
high-level British executives
about a business deal,
and I need
a crash course in...
...high tea etiquette.
Um, okay, well,
we may need to discuss
our definition of "emergency"
later, but, uh,
as your resident expert
in all things British,
I'm at your service.
So let's begin with the first
and most important rule of all,
Which is pinky down.
Never up. Oh, and you should
hold the cup by the handle.
Okay, that's a start.
Next up, the stir.
You have to make sure
that you never
clink the inside of the cup.
That's considered rude.
See? You're a natural.
Don't shortchange
your teaching skills.
(chuckles)
Mmm.
You know, I... I miss
seeing you more often.
I feel like I saw you a lot
when we were working together.
Well, that was two days.
True, but I saw you both days.
(chuckles)
Maybe you
could consult
for PPA, like,
on an as-needed basis?
Well, I'm happy to help you
with anything you need--
and I am gonna bill you
for the tea--
but, um, I hope you know
that you don't have to pay me
to have father-daughter time.
Well, even better.
So, do you really enjoy
staying at the penthouse?
Because if you ever...
ALEXIS: I didn't
realize Queen Elizabeth
was in town.
This is quite a spread.
Or is it for me?
Most definitely not.
So what are you doing here?
Amanda was in such a rush to
get here, she forgot her keys.
These keys?
Oh. I guess these are mine.
So, what's going on?
I'm just giving Blake
an emergency lesson
in high tea etiquette.
Oh, isn't that interesting?
Since we took a trip to London
and had high tea every day.
I don't remember that.
Yes, well,
I've wiped every memory
of our marriage as well.
I do love a scone, though.
I'll join you...
(grunts)
Last one.
Hmm.
Don't choke. (chuckles)
I just hope this thing between
Farrah and I didn't make you
rush into anything.
CUTLER:
How so?
It's just, she might not be as
excited about this as you are.
(laughs)
She's wearing my ring.
I'm good, bro.
Great. Cut. Moving on.
Hey, you got a sec?
For Cutler? Anything.
(mock laugh)
I still can't believe
this character is based on you.
Although now I understand
why you kept pushing
for the hottest actor.
Were you in, like,
way better shape five years ago?
If you're done, I'm here
about actual business.
An up-and-coming designer
sent over a dress and it's
here waiting to be opened.
They say it's avant-gard-ish,
but they sent over
their finest, so...
You clearly don't know
what avant-garde means, do you?
Apparently, it means
"inappropriate."
Wow.
After Plenexia's chemist gave me
the location of the formula,
I got my hands
on the technical blueprints
of their headquarters.
Turns out, the formula's stored
on a temperature-controlled
hard drive
in a lab only accessible
by fingerprint tech.
Great. So, whose finger
are we using?
I mean, a mid-party
amputation,
it sounds conspicuous,
but could be fun.
We just need a print, relax.
Once I'm inside
the computer room,
I won't have enough time
to hack the data,
so I'll steal the hard drive
and do the rest from here.
And we're supposed to do
all this without anyone noticing
that we're walking out with
a supercomputer party favor?
It's a small hard drive.
And this will work.
Are we sure that's not
the neurotoxicity talking?
I'm gonna try my best
not to strangle you
for the next few hours.
Now, all that's left
is to find out
what's for dessert.
Can we not just have
some candy before we go?
You'll understand later.
I don't have a lot of time,
we're about to begin
our choir rehearsal.
Oh, no worries, Padre.
This'll only take a moment.
We're just wondering
if you remember a very large
cash donation made
several years ago?
Like, way larger
than you'd think
for a church in Idaho?
Possibly from someone
named Iris Machado.
Does that ring any bells?
I'm sorry, the name doesn't,
but I do remember the donation.
Uh, it's very rare that we're
blessed by such a large sum,
but it was made anonymously.
And you're sure?
No Iris Machado?
I said I'm sure. I'm
sorry I could not be
of more help to you,
especially since
you've come such a long way.
But you can find your way
back to your car, I'm sure?
Yes, and if not,
then God will show us the way.
Mm.
Well, that was no help.
Maybe there's another
priest inside there
with a better memory?
My God, I can't believe we
took a wasted trip to Idaho
and it's not even ski season.
Well, I'm not sure I agree
with you on that one.
Look, as an award-winning
investigative journalist...
Lame, stop.
...I've learned early on
that everyone
has a tell when they're lying.
Padre Romero kept adjusting
his robes when he was talking.
So, clearly he was nervous
and he knows more
than he's letting on.
Ooh.
I knew I brought you
for a reason.
So Iris is in there somewhere.
I just have to get inside
and find her.
What? I wasn't suggesting
we break into a church,
or that Iris is even
in this state.
I'm just the padre knows
more than he's telling us.
Don't second-guess yourself.
Take yes for an answer.
Look, this is the only lead,
and Daniel
is running out of time.
So, what's the best way
to sneak into a church
without offending God?
(birds chirping)
I am so glad that you're here.
I wanted to tell you
not to stress about the dress?
Don't worry, I took care of it.
You did?
Wow, nicely done.
Glad you like it.
It's one of my favorites.
I still don't know why
you didn't call me
in the first place.
NINA:
Nothing he does
really makes sense to me.
I didn't call you because I know
you don't do anything for free,
or anything
that doesn't help Dom.
But it does help me.
Dressing Janelle Crowley
will be great press
for my NordicStar Airlines
competition.
Besides, I hear
I'm all you've got.
You're right about that.
So I guess we're doing this.
I should have a photographer
shoot my work.
Mm, no, no. That is
the one thing you cannot do.
We made a first-look deal
with a magazine for Janelle.
So no pictures
of her in that dress.
Okay, fine.
Can you please just try
and behave?
Anything you do
is a reflection on me.
LIAM:
I'm not sure
this is gonna work.
Is there a plan B?
FALLON:
No need for a plan B.
I'll blend in perfectly.
Wow.
That is one bad habit.
I know, it's a little
more fun than nun,
but it's all they had
at the costume store.
(gasps) Okay. Here they are.
I'll be back soon.
Hi.
Leave the judgment
to God, okay, Sister?
BLAKE:
I've got coffee.
AMANDA:
How did you know?
I've been trapped in here
for hours.
It's not high tea, but I thought
it would sweeten the deal.
I have some
PPA documents
I was hoping
you could take a look at,
although it looks like
you've got a lot to do here.
No, I would be happy to.
Uh, you could've
just sent these over.
Yeah, I know,
but I wanted
to tell you about an idea I had.
I'd like
to throw a party
in honor of Kirby
when she gets back.
Oh, I didn't realize
you two were so close.
Oh, no, we're not,
but I-I know that you are,
and I want to do
something nice for her
after the rough year she's had.
Well, I think it's a great idea.
That's very sweet.
Oh, speaking of,
do you have any sugar...
Wow.
(both chuckle)
Oh, one more thing.
I'm sure you know this,
but it's probably best
if you didn't tell your mother
about this little celebration.
Alexis? Why?
Oh, maybe you don't know.
Um, Alexis doesn't
exactly have a soft spot
for Kirby.
They've had some issues--
You know what?
It is not my place
to tell tales out of school.
Well, maybe not,
but it is important to me
to know the full story.
Well, uh, if you insist...
Aha!
Iris Machado.
I knew it.
Fallon Carrington?
What are you
doing here?
And what are you wearing?
I don't really have
a lot of time,
so I'm just gonna
cut to the chase.
Sam has been
trying to reach you.
Daniel Ruiz--
his actual father--
came to visit Atlanta,
and he and Sam
have been building
a relationship.
Which is great.
But Daniel also has
terminal cancer.
Which is not great.
So I need you to come back
to Atlanta with me
before it's too late.
Have you been getting
any of Sam's messages?
We're discouraged
from using phones.
It's 2022.
Yes, but...
Before you lie again,
I'm pretty sure
that's a sin, right?
You're right.
I did get Sam's calls.
But I made my choice
and I'm staying here.
Now, if you'll excuse me...
It's only fair. I mean, you
did hold me hostage first.
I can't face them.
I let Sam be raised
by an abusive father,
and I deprived Daniel
of a beautiful son.
They'll never
forgive me.
And I know in my heart
that God led me here.
But your family needs you.
All I've ever
brought them is pain.
But I'm helping people
with the work I do here.
And who am I to argue with God?
I made a promise,
and I'm not going to break it.
Richard Payne.
Just the CEO I
was looking for.
Dr. Carrington.
Thank you for saving me.
Prudence from HR has been
talking my ear off.
Ooh, hope you're not in trouble.
Anyway, we just made
a huge distribution deal
with one of our wholesalers,
and we've got
some new medication
for your hospital to stock.
Well, I'd be more than happy
to set up a meeting
with the powers that be,
but it sounds like a slam dunk.
Just count us in.
Perfect.
And, uh, this is
a show of appreciation
from the hospital.
Pre-embargo Cubans?
Mm-hmm.
RICHARD:
You've got good taste,
Carrington.
Well, what can I say? So, uh,
you want to go enjoy one
of these bad boys outside?
Absolutely.
Cool. After you.
So, what's our plan B?
You said we didn't need one.
What have you been doing
in this car this whole time?
Okay, look, we just
need to find a way
to get super-churchy Iris
out of here.
You don't think
this is all just some act
so she can keep hiding out?
No.
Clearly, she feels guilty
about the way
she left things
with Sam and Daniel,
but she also thinks
God wants her here.
Although I'm pretty sure God
has an office in Atlanta, too.
Saying God wants anything
is ridiculous. It's all fiction.
Do you not believe in God?
What, you do?
Of course I do.
Have we really never
had this discussion?
I guess not.
Okay, yeah, and sure,
I believe in some kind of God,
just seems that only bad things
come from organized religion.
Wait, so you don't want
to baptize our baby
in one of those
cute little gowns?
(laughs): I hadn't really
thought about it.
Y-- But dunking our baby
in dirty water
so they have a shot at gaining
access to an afterlife
with some dude in the sky
doesn't really seem
like a good idea to me.
Also, you're not
even pregnant yet.
Fair point.
Although, for someone
who doesn't believe in God,
you sure don't have a problem
calling out His name
when we're in bed.
Okay, also a fair point.
Okay, clearly, we have more
to discuss, but for right now,
I'm gonna need you
to put your beliefs aside
and get your Jesus on.
So listen very carefully.
You're very quiet.
If you think I look awful
in these, you should say so.
I can take the criticism,
because we still have
time for retouching.
So?
So, um... I heard
that Kirby was on drugs.
What's the story behind that?
(coughs)
Wow, um,
didn't see that one coming.
Uh, yes, unfortunately,
that's true.
Though not surprising.
Okay, and just out of curiosity,
did you have anything
to do with that?
What exactly are you
accusing me of?
Being her drug pusher?
No, of course not.
I'm just saying,
Kirby and I are getting closer,
and I would like
to hear about her past.
Well, I hate to be
the bearer of bad news,
but Kirby is the bad news.
She's a troubled girl.
It's really very sad.
Okay, well, is it true
that you persuaded
her ex-boyfriend to just show up
and start making problems?
Where is this coming from?
Did Kirby tell you about it?
Okay.
Yes, that is true.
But I was protecting Adam.
I can't be held responsible
for Kirby jumping back
into old habits.
Just take my advice:
keep your distance.
Okay, but she's changed.
I mean, she's sober now.
Does she not deserve
a second chance?
More like a 22nd chance.
Look, you know I don't like
to say bad things about people.
(chuckles)
At night.
But Kirby is rotten to the core.
And that kind of fruit
doesn't ripen, it spoils.
What exactly is it
you see in her?
She's been a really good friend.
It's your life. You can be
friends with anyone you want.
But you should know that Kirby
is not allowed in the penthouse.
She would probably steal
everything and sell it for
heroin and PCP.
Okay, I think that's
a little bit extreme, don't you?
Well, if it were up to me, that
ex of hers would have taken her
back to Australia
where she belongs.
Wow. Feel like
I'm finally seeing the Alexis
I've heard so much about.
And I don't particularly
like the view.
Well... (sighs)
Hey, I need your help.
I think someone's
trying to break into
the office down the hall?
Can you...?
Yeah, come on.
(door clicks open)
Here we go.
We have a problem.
At this point,
you should print that
on a T-shirt.
Someone leaked multiple photos
from set to the online tabloids.
So?
All publicity is good publicity
as long as they spell
your name right.
Photos of Janelle
in Dominique's dress.
The photos People magazine
was going to pay money for.
And I'm guessing
they won't pay as much
for second-look exclusives.
Now you're getting it.
We need to look
into where the leak started
and stop it immediately.
I don't think we'll have
to look too far.
Excuse me.
So I went out on a limb for you,
asked you to behave,
and you just
couldn't help yourself.
Are you doing some kind of scene
or something? Because I'm lost.
The only one acting here
would be you.
Who else could benefit
from this?
From what?
The photo leak.
I told you you couldn't
hire a photographer.
Yet somehow,
a photo of Janelle
in your dress ended up
in the tabloids.
I have no idea
what you're talking about.
I told you
I wouldn't take any pictures.
As usual, you were only
looking out for yourself.
You're fired.
Michael,
you are making a mistake.
Leave, or I'll have someone
escort you out.
Good evening, my child.
Oh.
Hello, Father...?
Nicholas. I'm visiting
from a parish in the north.
Minnesota.
I didn't realize
we had any visiting clergy.
Welcome.
You seem troubled.
I noticed
you lighting a candle.
Was it
for anyone specific?
You have good intuition.
I'm worried about my family.
I haven't seen them in years.
You've left someone behind?
Family is one of the most
important things that we have.
In fact, the very foundation
of religion
is rooted in the Holy Family.
A father,
a mother, a child.
Perhaps you can visit them?
I know it can be scary
to face the past,
but maybe
they need you right now.
Thank you,
but I'm afraid my sins run
too deep for their forgiveness.
For now,
I'll settle for a prayer.
This may surprise you.
But even I've struggled
with religion in the past.
I feared
disappointing people in my life.
My family, my priest, my God.
But there's a verse from, uh...
from Sunday school that I always
try to remind myself of.
"For if you forgive men
their trespasses,
your heavenly Father
will also forgive you."
In other words, forgive,
and you'll be forgiven.
Even if it's yourself
you have to forgive.
I hope these words bring you the
same comfort they've brought me.
I'm so sorry.
I guess he got away.
Could have been
a maintenance man.
You know, if his uniform was
brighter, I'd be able to tell.
MAN (over radio):
Attention: we've got
a 16-2 in progress.
A silent alarm tripped
in computer lab 107.
Cameras spotted a man
leaving with a green cooler.
(loud,
overlapping crowd chatter)
Check everyone
with a green cooler!
That hard drive does
not leave the premises.
Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't
realize you were hungry.
I would've saved you
the last bite.
Amanda!
This was a pleasant surprise.
We weren't expecting
to see you tonight.
Is everything okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Um, I'm sorry
for showing up so late,
and I know
that this is a huge imposition,
but I was just wondering
if I could maybe stay here
for a little while?
Trouble in penthouse paradise?
Yeah, Alexis and I are not
seeing eye to eye
on certain things, and I just
think we need some time apart.
Well, I'm sorry to hear that,
though I do understand
the feeling.
Sometimes we just don't know
our parents like we think we do.
But you can talk to me
anytime you need to.
Thank you both so much.
It's actually nice
to have people
that I can really rely on.
I just have to go
and get the rest
of my things
from the penthouse.
Don't you worry about that.
I'll send someone
tomorrow morning
to gather the rest
of your things.
You just make yourself
comfortable here.
Would you show
Amanda to the
Rose room, please?
She's gonna be staying there
for the time being.
Thank you.
Well, you did it.
Amanda's moving in.
Seems like a lot of trouble
just to upset Alexis.
You know,
the funny thing is,
doesn't actually have anything
to do with Alexis.
It doesn't?
I just want
to make the most
out of having my daughter here.
Since she's come
into our lives, it's...
really made me think about how
I screwed up things with Steven.
I really wasn't there for him.
And, well, I know
she's not a replacement,
but...
does feel like a second chance.
I want...
(wheezing, coughing)
You don't need
to talk right now.
Just rest. It's okay.
No.
I need to say something.
I always knew
you were my son.
But I never imagined
you would make me this proud.
I know
it hasn't been long, but...
I feel like
I've known you... forever.
I feel the same way.
You know, growing up,
I never felt any love
from the man
I thought was my father.
But then, you came along, and
you showed me
what a father's love can be.
So thank you for that.
Sam?
Fallon, I know you want to talk,
but right now, I need
to focus on my father.
I get it.
You don't want to see me,
but maybe there's someone else
you would like to see.
Mama.
You came.
I wasn't sure
if you were getting my messages.
I couldn't bring myself
to face you,
but the Lord-- and Fallon--
made me realize it's never
too late to apologize.
So I'm here now,
and I'm so sorry.
Hola, Daniel.
What's up?
Well, they found the source
of the photo leak.
It wasn't Dominique.
What? What do you mean?
Of course it was.
They actually traced the photos
back to your girlfriend.
Sasha?
What reason could she possibly
have to sabotage anything?
Well, she didn't do it
on purpose.
Sasha is-- putting it nicely--
not the brightest.
While she was on set, she posted
pictures to her private IG,
and those did not
stay private for long.
I think
you owe someone a big apology.
Okay.
I will take care of it.
Good. Because I definitely
wasn't offering.
Now, what are we gonna do
about this lost money?
Oh, I crunched the numbers,
and we're gonna have to cut
more from the wardrobe budget
to afford anything
in marketing.
I ran the new budget by the
costume designer, and she quit,
because "she couldn't possibly
make the actors look
good with that budget."
So we have no money
and no costume designer?
Nope.
Great.
You know, none of this
would've happened
if you'd just picked
a better girlfriend.
Oh, so who do you think
I should be dating?
Someone smart and...
and together,
who can actually challenge you.
Well, that sounds
a lot like you.
Are you asking me on a date?
I hate to crush
your dreams there, buddy,
but that is definitely
not happening again.
Why don't you just focus
on fixing the budget
so we can finish this movie
in the n-next two weeks?
I'm on it.
Good. Let me know how it goes
with Dominique.
(chuckles softly)
I can't tell you
how happy it makes me
to have my family
here.
It's what God wanted.
It's also what I wanted.
But I didn't know
if you were coming.
I know.
I owe you both an explanation
for what I did in the past.
I've been too scared
to face it, but...
you deserve that much.
Please, stop.
I just want
to be here now.
With both of you.
He's right.
We shouldn't waste
this moment
talking about the past.
DANIEL:
I want you to be there
for each other
after I'm gone.
I let my pride
keep me from Sam
for far too long.
Don't make the same mistake
with your mother.
(Daniel moans)
And Iris...
(chuckles softly)
...I forgive you.
(coughing, wheezing)
Gracias, mi amor.
That's all
I've been waiting to hear.
I forgive you, too.
And I love you.
Both of you.
Oh, thank God.
Mm.
(slurping)
Thirsty?
I think I tweaked my back
flying commercial.
Okay, but you were still
in first class.
And it's not like we could
let Iris see Father Nicholas
flying home
on the Carrington jet, could we?
I know, okay? And trust me,
this priest will never take
the PJ for granted again.
(chuckles)
Just tell me it was worth it.
Yeah, it was.
You should've seen the way
they looked at each other.
I'm sure Sam was pretty
grateful for what you did.
Well, yeah, I mean,
you know, I assume.
But you didn't talk about it?
No, he was busy, and I didn't
want to make it about me.
Wow.
Maybe you should go
to church more often.
You put someone else's needs
before your own,
and you also did
something really great
for someone
that you truly care about.
All right, well,
don't get used to it.
Although maybe I will have
to get used to it
once we have a baby.
Oh, speaking of, I...
I did some thinking
while eating stale pretzels
on the plane.
Mm-hmm.
If you want to baptize our kid,
I'm cool with it.
Really?
What ever happened
to religion is bad?
I guess some of those
endless Sunday school lessons
stuck with me.
Well, like you said,
I'm not pregnant yet,
and when we do have a baptism,
I'll just make sure
to bring a water filter.
I do have one other request.
And this goes along with my new
appreciation for religion.
Now is it weird
that I cannot stop thinking
about you in that nun outfit?
Is there any chance you can put
that back on, we head upstairs?
I do have some interest
in a missionary position.
(quiet chatter)
What are you going
to accuse me of now?
Breaking up The Beatles?
Using performance-enhancing
drugs while I sketch?
Actually,
I came to apologize.
We found out
that Sasha was the leak,
even though
she did it by mistake.
So I wanted to say sorry
for accusing you
and embarrassing you like that
in front of everyone.
What about for being a jerk?
You wouldn't even ask me
to help,
and you complained
when Nina wanted me.
And then you thought I tried
to sabotaged your movie.
Why do you think I would do
something like that?
Are you serious?
Okay, first,
without telling me,
you filmed us having sex,
then you released it
on the Internet,
then you secretly screwed me
on your reality show.
You...
All right.
I get it.
It was a rhetorical question
anyway.
Look, after our past, why
would I ever trust you again?
You're not wrong.
Is that some weird way
of saying that I'm right?
I know I did some unfair things
to you in the past,
and I'm sorry,
but that was a long time ago.
Can't you see that I've changed?
Is that also rhetorical?
Okay, yes, I think
you might have changed,
but sometimes it's hard to tell.
But I still
should not have acted
the way that I did,
so I'm here with a proposition
that might make it up to you.
I'm listening.
Okay, our wardrobe budget took
a major hit with this leak,
so it won't exactly
be glamorous,
but it could get you
some really good press
for this NordicStar competition.
So...
how do you feel about
designing the remaining looks
for Janelle
and the rest of the cast?
You would do that for me?
Obviously,
you're incredibly talented.
Mm.
It could be a big break.
Deal.
Thank you. (chuckles)
All right. There's
no hidden cameras, right?
Oh.
♪ ♪
(speaking Spanish)
Daniel passed peacefully,
and, um...
my mom's at La Mirage, resting.
I'm so sorry, Sam.
Tonight was really hard.
I can't even imagine.
Um...
(sighs)
Thank you for what you did.
I thought I'd be fine
if Iris never came, but...
(voice breaking):
But when I saw them together,
I just...
I saw my family
for the first time,
and I'm so grateful.
You deserved at least that.
I'm sorry for
what I said to you.
No, please, don't apologize.
You'll take away
my moment of selflessness.
Okay.
I'm not sorry.
But I am.
I know that
even if you're not around,
you are always here for me.
That's true,
but it's no secret that
I can be selfish sometimes.
And, um...
I just want to thank you
for reminding me that...
occasionally, there are things
going on in the world
that are more important
than my life.
And I'm just so happy
I got to do something for you,
because I really love you
so much, Sam.
And I love you, Fallon.
Even if you're a little crazy.
(chuckles)
You didn't even see me dressed
as a nympho nun.
Wow.
You really would do
anything for me.
Oh, yeah.
Mm-hmm.
Alexis,
so glad you could stop by.
Don't worry,
I won't be staying long.
What's the occasion?
Funny thing,
Amanda somehow
knew about my past
with that little
Australian wombat,
and it seems that
it upset her very much.
That is upsetting.
Maybe Adam told her.
Shut it,
you Swarovski knockoff.
Well, he does like to be
the mama's boy.
I spoke with Adam, and
he didn't say a word about it,
which leaves you two,
the Macbeths.
Still trying to poison Amanda
against me.
Oh, please. You started it.
Isn't it ironic
how worked up you get
about somebody beating you
at your own game?
The only thing
you will ever beat me at
is dying first,
hopefully soon.
I would like
to speak with Amanda
and explain myself.
Where is she?
Unfortunately,
Amanda's resting.
She's had a rough few days.
Plus, she made it clear,
she doesn't want to see you.
That's because
the two of you have
filled her mind with lies.
Oh, we don't have to lie
about anything.
You're so awful, you did
all the damage yourself.
It's late, Alexis.
You should go.
This isn't over.
I know how much you like
to collect possessions,
but Amanda is our daughter.
It won't take her long
to figure out
that she is your pawn.
Just another pretty thing
to put on the shelf.
Like this vase.
Have a pleasant evening.
Never imagined I'd say this,
but...
it hasn't been terrible
working with you.
ADAM:
Agreed.
Let's do this again never.
(chuckles)
Now, before I land myself
in federal prison
thanks to your escapades,
where are my crates of Bokocho?
This key goes to
a refrigerated warehouse
where I've been storing
your illegal imports.
Finally.
I gave you my word.
I posted the drug formula,
anonymously.
Now it's out there for anyone
to copy and reproduce.
And if Plenexia tries
to take it down,
they'll look even worse.
Yeah, but are you sure
a pharmaceutical giant
is really gonna be concerned
about their moral capital?
Of course not,
but they are concerned
with their financial capital.
I tipped off a reporter
this morning.
This is hitting
every major news outlet,
and shareholders are spooked.
Leaked formulas,
lax security.
They're seeing huge losses.
Wow. I got to admit,
I wasn't sure
you'd be able to pull this off.
I kind of thought this whole
Mission Impossible thing
might have been Mars 2.0.
(scoffs)
But it turns out
you are just reckless.
Well, I prefer to think of it
as controlled recklessness.
You said we're even now, right?
So please, don't call me again.
Oh, I already deleted
your number. Yeah.
(phone rings, vibrates)
(sighs)
(door closes)
RICHARD:
Jeff Colby?
Richard Payne, CEO of Plenexia.
Sorry we didn't get to meet
last night.
But as our stock started to drop
this morning,
I put the pieces together.
Your interview at my company,
one of our top chemists
receiving an invitation
to the Alexam launch party,
and, of course,
last night's break-in.
So I had a chat
with our chemist.
She was much more forthcoming
once I took out my checkbook.
I know you stole
my drug formula.
I also know you're too smart
for me to prove anything.
So don't worry,
I'm not going to the police.
If you want to play games,
I'm all in.
But watch yourself,
because you're gonna pay.
Good night, Mr. Colby.